Opinionated Deployment Scripts (#403)
microsoft/kernel-memory: infra/README.md

# Deploying the infrastructure

> You can deploy the Kernel Memory infrastructure to Azure by clicking the button below. This will create required resources. We recommend to create a new resource group for this deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy the Kernel Memory infrastructure to Azure by clicking the button below. This will create required resources. We recommend to create a new resource group for each deployment.
```

> Resource that are deployed have an opinionated set of configurations. You can modify services on Azure portal or you can reuse Bicep file and provide your customisations `infra/main.bicep`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resources are deployed with an opinionated set of configurations. You can modify services on Azure portal or you can reuse and customize the Bicep files starting from [infra/main.bicep](main.bicep).
```

> > The following `Deploy to Azure` button uses the `infra/main.json` file which is a compiled version of `infra/main.bicep`. Remember that `main.json` file is not updated automatically when you make changes to `main.bicep` file. Please use the `bicep build main.bicep` command to compile the bicep file to a json file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following `Deploy to Azure` button uses the [infra/main.json](main.json) file which is a compiled version of
> [infra/main.bicep](main.bicep). Please note that the `main.json` file is not updated automatically when you
> make changes to `main.bicep` file. You can use the `bicep build main.bicep` command to compile the bicep
> file to a json file.
```
